[Music]
there are a hundred and seventy-eight
loss a different shape on the basis of
sex women can't work overtime we have to
get credit cards in our husbands name
not allowing
you think you can change the country you
should look to her generation they're
taking to the streets protests are
important but changing the culture it
means nothing if the law doesn't change
who did you say your name was Ruth Bader
Ginsburg I want to be a lawyer I want to
represent clients in pursuit of justice
so they're gonna give you a corner
office I wasn't what they were looking
for one said women are too emotional to
be lawyers another told me a woman
graduating top of her class must be a
real ballbuster
they worked hard I did everything I was
supposed to and I excelled Martin
Ginsberg will be signing all of our
checks someday a smart girl with you
married a star if the law differentiates
on the basis of sex then how will women
and men ever become equals I don't read
tax court cases
read this
the law assumes a caregiver has to be a
woman
this is sex-based discrimination against
a man poor guy we need to take this case
it's not a case this is a declaration of
war
take a topple the whole damn system of
discrimination they think gender
equality is a civil right what's at
stake is the American family let's put
this idea to bed once and for all
you will lose and when you do you will
set the woman's moving back ten years
you don't get to tell me when to quit I
know this case disrupted our lives kusa
for if not for me
you've been ready for this your whole
life so going there and let the judges
see through those Ginsburg I know we're
not asking you to change the country
that's already happened without any
court's permission
the word woman does not appear even once
in the US Constitution nor does the word
freedom your honor
[Music]
[Applause]